CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributor Guidelines
This repository is designed to map information from different acquisition machines to aind-data-schema models, and is therefore shared amongst multiple teams.  

This document will go through best practices for contributing to this project

## Issues and Feature Requests
Questions, feature requests and bug reports are all welcome as [discussions or issues](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper/issues). Please use the provided [templates](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper/issues/new/choose) to ensure we have enough information to work with.

**NOTE:** If your package requires upgrading **aind-data-schema**, create a separate ticket and a dedicated engineer will handle the upgrade.

## Installation and Development
To develop the software, *clone* the repository and create a new branch for your changes.
Please do not fork this repository unless you are an external developer. 

```bash
git clone git@github.com:AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper.git
git checkout -b my-new-feature-branch
``` 
Then in bash, run
```bash
pip install -e .[dev]
```
to set up your environment. Once these steps are complete, you can get developing🚀. Data is organized by acquisition machine, so if you're adding a new machine, create a new directory. Otherwise, put your code in its corresponding directory.
### Testing

Testing is required to open a PR in this repository to ensure robustness and reliability of our codebase. 
- **1:1 Correspondence:** Structure unit tests in a manner that mirrors the module structure. 
  - For every package in the src directory, there should be a corresponding test package.
  - For every module in a package, there should be a corresponding unit test module.
  - For every method in a module, there should be a corresponding unit test.
- **Mocking Writes**: Your unit tests should not write anything out. You can use the `unittest.mock` library to intercept file operations and test your method without actually creating a file.
- **Test Coverage:** Aim for comprehensive test coverage to validate all critical paths and edge cases within the module. To open a PR, you will need at least 80% coverage. 
  - Please test your changes using the **coverage** library, which will run the tests and log a coverage report:
    ```bash
    coverage run -m unittest discover && coverage report
    ```
    To open the coverage report in a browser, you can run
    ```bash
    coverage html
    ```
    and find the report in the htmlcov/index.html.

There are several libraries used to run linters and check documentation. We've included these in the development package. You can run them as described [here](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper/blob/main/README.md#linters-and-testing).

Commit message:

Feat 53 integration testing (#93)
* configures Git LFS

* refactor tests library

* github actions

* runs bergamoetl in action

* fixes workflow

* fixes wrkflow id

* s3fs install

* missing |

* python setup 3.10.0

* setup python 3.8 instead

* 3.10 with quotes

* adds permissions

* feat: fixes typo in python command in integration_testing job

* feat: fixes typo in configure aws credentials step

* runs module not filepath

* updates secret name

* fix bucket name env

* dir typo

* load dotenv

* passes bucket name from action to script

* no newline

* assertion

* linters

* removes open ephys utils init

* hides bucket value

* reverts unit test structure and test_and_lint workflow

* parses from cli

* feat: updates integration test for bergamo

* mountpoint-s3 in workflow

* missing run

* download mountpoint-s3 from url

* mount-s3 bucket name

* fixes typo

* env var for bucket

* bucket name syntax

* umount not unmount

* missing |

* mount s3 url as env variable

* adds guide to run integration test

* dev workflow

* testing with new bucket

* run on push to dev

---------

Co-authored-by: Yosef Bedaso <yosef.bedaso@alleninstitute.org>
Co-authored-by: jtyoung84 <104453205+jtyoung84@users.noreply.github.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributor Guidelines
This repository is designed to map information from different acquisition machines to aind-data-schema models, and is therefore shared amongst multiple teams.  

This document will go through best practices for contributing to this project

## Issues and Feature Requests
Questions, feature requests and bug reports are all welcome as [discussions or issues](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper/issues). Please use the provided [templates](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper/issues/new/choose) to ensure we have enough information to work with.

**NOTE:** If your package requires upgrading **aind-data-schema**, create a separate ticket and a dedicated engineer will handle the upgrade.

## Installation and Development
To develop the software, *clone* the repository and create a new branch for your changes.
Please do not fork this repository unless you are an external developer. 

```bash
git clone git@github.com:AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper.git
git checkout -b my-new-feature-branch
``` 
Then in bash, run
```bash
pip install -e .[dev]
```
to set up your environment. Once these steps are complete, you can get developing🚀. Data is organized by acquisition machine, so if you're adding a new machine, create a new directory. Otherwise, put your code in its corresponding directory.
### Unit Testing

Testing is required to open a PR in this repository to ensure robustness and reliability of our codebase. 
- **1:1 Correspondence:** Structure unit tests in a manner that mirrors the module structure. 
  - For every package in the src directory, there should be a corresponding test package.
  - For every module in a package, there should be a corresponding unit test module.
  - For every method in a module, there should be a corresponding unit test.
- **Mocking Writes**: Your unit tests should not write anything out. You can use the `unittest.mock` library to intercept file operations and test your method without actually creating a file.
- **Test Coverage:** Aim for comprehensive test coverage to validate all critical paths and edge cases within the module. To open a PR, you will need at least 80% coverage. 
  - Please test your changes using the **coverage** library, which will run the tests and log a coverage report:
    ```bash
    coverage run -m unittest discover && coverage report
    ```
    To open the coverage report in a browser, you can run
    ```bash
    coverage html
    ```
    and find the report in the htmlcov/index.html.
  
There are several libraries used to run linters and check documentation. We've included these in the development package. You can run them as described [here](https://github.com/AllenNeuralDynamics/aind-metadata-mapper/blob/main/README.md#linters-and-testing). 

### Integration Testing
To ensure that an ETL runs as expected against data on the VAST, you can run an integration test locally by pointing to the input directory on VAST. For example, to test the 'bergamo' package:
```bash
    python tests/integration/bergamo/session.py --input_source "/allen/aind/scratch/svc_aind_upload/test_data_sets/bergamo" IntegrationTestBergamo
 ```
